feat: Rework Browser JS integration docs (#7648)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/electron/configuration/integrations/onuncaughtexception.mdx

---
title: OnUncaughtException
excerpt: ""
description: "Supports capturing events from `uncaughtException` while retaining Electrons default behaviour. (default)"
sidebar_order: 10
---

> Supports capturing events from `uncaughtException` while retaining Electrons default behaviour of displaying an error dialog if there are no other listeners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supports capturing events from `uncaughtException` while retaining Electron's default behavior of displaying an error dialog if there are no other listeners.
```

> To disable Electrons default error dialog, simply add another listener:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable Electron's default error dialog, add another listener:
```
